---
layout: article
title: Post Quantum Cryptography
sidebar:
  nav: docs-en
---
## Supersingular Isogney
* **Supersingular Isogeny-Based Single Compression Cryptographic Hash Function**: Accepted for presentation at the *2023 IEEE Global Communications Conference: Communication & Information Systems Security*, this paper introduces an innovative single compression cryptographic hash function. It builds upon the foundation of supersingular isogenies, involving traversal in the supersingular isogeny (2-isogeny) graph and point mapping under isogeny. The proposed function enhances security by concealing the curve's j-invariant, challenging attackers to identify the curve from its X-coordinate and solve the supersingular isogeny problem. It offers significantly improved preimage resistance, ensures collision-free properties, and efficiently processes bits from multiple message blocks in a single step, reducing computational complexity. Additionally, it organically modifies the message to resist parallelization attempts and provides a comprehensive comparative analysis against CGL and CGL-like hash functions.
* <a id="raw-url" href="https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-031-27041-3_2">
<font color="blue">**Implementation Aspects of Supersingular Isogeny-Based Cryptographic Hash Function**</font></a>: Accepted and presented at the *International Wireless Internet Conference WiCON 2022*, this paper explores the implementation aspects of a supersingular isogeny-based cryptographic hash function. It delves into the CGL hash function, leveraging the traversal of a supersingular isogeny graph (expander graph). The study conducts an in-depth examination of the compact variant of the standard CGL hash function, utilizing various forms of elliptic curves, including Weierstrass, Montgomery, and Legendre. It identifies opportunities to reduce redundancy in the original CGL hash function by harnessing the unique characteristics of different elliptic curve forms. Additionally, the paper presents experimental comparisons of running times and collision counts among the implemented algorithms, offering valuable insights into their practical performance.
